0428-Kato
假设你的观众没有任何背景
如何和现有的设备进行融合
旋转速度和物体运动速度
加快进度 一个月要有结果


0428-Horie
1. Testing the rotation of two servos in one dimension, but I did not discover any significant improvement for feeling.

2. Enhancing the touching area of the wheels, which significantly improved the directional feedback compared to before. I also added a sleeve to restrict the contact area, allowing users to have a clearer sense of directional force feedback.

3. Designing two different crank connection, but the efficiency was poor, and there was no significant improvement. For the pressure methods, I am considering using the solenoid and try again.

4. I found that when rendering left and right rotation, the device's rotation feedback direction does not necessarily need to be consistent with the rotation dimension in the scene. 
After investigation, it was found that the palm of the hand only has planar information and no depth information. Thus, this finding can provide some suggestions for the design of future controllers.
I would like to propose a hypothesis that 1 degree of freedom mechanical feedback on the device can express motion information in other dimensions,
Another idea I had is that since our palm doesn't have spatial awareness and generally we hold the controller against our palm, could we artificially create a controllable plane to simulate force feedback in the depth direction?

two option:
1. 1dof translational vector
2. 1dof rotational vector



可能的课题：
运动状态的力反馈是否可以在用户操作vr化身时更加易于操作
模块化运动状态检测

0405-Mitori:
手掌在接受纵向的震动时，会不自主地放松 - Absolute thresholds for the perception of fore-and-aft, lateral,and vertical vibration at the hand, the seat, and the foot
多去竹芝，实体制作方面咨询神山
多田隈 理一郎 -「全方向駆動歯車機構の原理創案・具現化」
haptic + ??? = 复合状态的震动
有序声波震动提供方向感 - haptic-https://staff.aist.go.jp/t-tanabe/research/research_a.html

0405-Maeda:
1. The survey needs to be more professional
2. What kind of scenarios the motion state info is more beneficial to the user
3. Whether motion state display can really help users to manipulate objects more quickly and easily - research objective -> 没有找到任何动作状态相关的解释 ->pose tracking 6 dof 上的运动反馈
4. How to pass the motion state to user ? design
5. The design needs to take into account that different parts of hand require different haptic solutions ->Skin Stretch
6. The entire research needs to base on the scenario
7. Try to answer these questions - https://iis-lab.org/misc/realitycheck/

0330-Minami
motion state + ?
pural ps5 haptic motor